docs/Backlog.md, before:

# Backlog FAQ

### How are stories and work items are recorded in the backlog?

There are two separate tabs in the [GitHub Project](https://github.com/orgs/NU394-s2025TTh/projects/6/) that specify the [User Stories Backlog](https://github.com/orgs/NU394-s2025TTh/projects/6/views/1) & [Task Backlog](https://github.com/orgs/NU394-s2025TTh/projects/6/views/7)

### How are stories and work items prioritized?

P0 - highest priority: show-stopper bug or must-have features\
P1 - medium priority\
P2 - lowest priority: nice-to-have features

### How are stories and work items estimated?

Based on how much time it would take to complete. Different buckets for each time commitment small (1 hour fix) through large (>6 hour fix)

### How are stories and work items assigned to team members?

Volunteering for tasks but also making sure each person has no more than 3 tasks in progress.

### How are stories and work items tracked?

Github Projects 

### How are stories and work items reported on?

Github Projects. Potential work items are identified by the team, ensured they're relevant by the product owners, and scoped by the architects 

### How are stories and work items archived?

Github Projects -- if we decide as a team that we want to archive something, we will move it to the Archived section on our board

Commit message:

updated existing documentation to reflect any changes in our tribe practices

docs/Backlog.md, after:

# Backlog FAQ

### How are stories and work items are recorded in the backlog?

There are two separate tabs in the [GitHub Project](https://github.com/orgs/NU394-s2025TTh/projects/6/) that specify the [User Stories Backlog](https://github.com/orgs/NU394-s2025TTh/projects/6/views/1) & [Task Backlog](https://github.com/orgs/NU394-s2025TTh/projects/6/views/7)

### How are stories and work items prioritized?

P0 - highest priority: show-stopper bug or must-have features\
P1 - medium priority\
P2 - lowest priority: nice-to-have features

### How are stories and work items estimated?

Based on how much time it would take to complete. Different buckets for each time commitment were initially treated as small (1 hour fix) through large (>6 hour fix) at the beginning of the project. However, after a burndown chart was created, all tribe members each submitted estimates for the time it would take to implement each task. Then, we held a discussion as a group to finalize the prime number weight associated with each story. 

### How are stories and work items assigned to team members?

Volunteering for tasks but also making sure each person has no more than 3 tasks in progress.

### How are stories and work items tracked?

Github Projects 

### How are stories and work items reported on?

Github Projects. Potential work items are identified by the team, ensured they're relevant by the product owners, and scoped by the architects 

### How are stories and work items archived?

Github Projects -- if we decide as a team that we want to archive something, we will move it to the Archived section on our board
