docs/Home.md, before:

# Purpose

This is the example project documentation for a Tribe. The home page should discuss which teams are part of the tribe and who the client is. Each Team should have a page and list the people who are part of that team.

# Key Elements of the Tribe Project Documentation

Additionally, the home page should link to an area for the tribe's [Organizational Practices](Organizational-Practices.md), [Development Practices](Development-Practices.md), and [Client Information](Client-Information.md).

Go to the [Architecture Overview](Architecture-Overview.md) to see how this application is structured at a high level

# Attribution

to help with attributing work in the project documentation; please indicate who and what team worked on authoring the page, e.g. (written by team gray @toddwseattle). Project Documentations are repos; so the commits can help with who authored what but we expect you to collaborate so the commits will only sort of be representative. If a "guild" is working on a page, create a page indicating who is in the guild that authored the page; e.g.

## Teaching Guild

| Team | Name          |
| ---- | ------------- |
| Gray | Todd Warren   |
| Gray | Paula Kayango |

Commit message:

Doc updates by Client Informations Guild (#1)
* Update Client-information.md

* Update Organizational-Practices.md

* Update Home.md

* Update meeting notes link in Client-Information.md

* Update Client-Information.md

---------

Co-authored-by: Eric Polanski <89625475+ericpolanski@users.noreply.github.com>

Doc updates by Client Informations Guild #2

Specified Team Members, Clarified Guild Attributions

Doc updates by Client Informations Guild #3

Minor Grammatical and Structural Changes

Doc updates by Client Informations Guild #4

Minor structural changes

Doc updates by Client Informations Guild #5

Answered the first question, made minor structural and accessibility changes

Doc updates by Client Informations Guild #6

Minor accessibility changes

Doc updates by Client Informations Guild #6

Minor structural and accessibility changes

Doc updates by Client Informations Guild (#1)

* Update Client-information.md

* Update Organizational-Practices.md

* Update Home.md

* Update meeting notes link in Client-Information.md

* Update Client-Information.md

---------

Co-authored-by: Eric Polanski <89625475+ericpolanski@users.noreply.github.com>

Doc updates by Client Informations Guild #4

Minor structural changes

Doc updates by Client Informations Guild #5

Answered the first question, made minor structural and accessibility changes

Doc updates by Client Informations Guild #6

Minor accessibility changes

Doc updates by Client Informations Guild #6

Minor structural and accessibility changes

docs/Home.md, after:

# Purpose

This is the overview of the project documentation for Tribe Z, which is composed of Team Green and Team Purple. Tribe Z is working with Ian Gibbs and Bob Rapp as clients. Please see below for links to other documentation files detailing the members of each team, client information, and tribe practices.

# Key Elements of the Tribe Project Documentation

Additionally, the home page should link to an area for the tribe's [Organizational Practices](Organizational-Practices.md), [Development Practices](Development-Practices.md), and [Client Information](Client-Information.md).

Go to the [Architecture Overview](Architecture-Overview.md) to see how this application is structured at a high level

# Attribution

to help with attributing work in the project documentation; please indicate who and what team worked on authoring the page, e.g. (written by team gray @toddwseattle). Project Documentations are repos; so the commits can help with who authored what but we expect you to collaborate so the commits will only sort of be representative. If a "guild" is working on a page, create a page indicating who is in the guild that authored the page; e.g.

## Teaching Guild

| Team   | Name           |
| ------ | -------------- |
| Purple | Ashwin Baluja  |
| Green  | Anthony Behery |

[Architect Overview](Architecture-Overview.md)

## Development Practices Guild

| Team   | Name           |
| ------ | -------------- |
| Purple | Laura Felix    |
| Green  | Ludi Yu        |

## Client Interactions Guild 

| Team   | Name           |
| ------ | -------------- |
| Purple | Laura Felix    |
| Purple | Eric Polanski  |
| Green  | Joanna Soltys  |

## Architects Guild

| Team   | Name           |
| ------ | -------------- |
| Purple | Ashwin Baluja  |
| Green  | Anthony Behery |
