docs/Organizational-Practices.md, before:

# Product Owner for Client Meetings

### How is the product owner designated for the first client meetings?
The product owners were designated based on who was available to attend it to the first client meeting and who each team believed would be a good fit for the role based on their strengths. 

### Is it permanent or rotated?
We have chosen to keep our product owners permanent to minimize communication overhead between rotating product owners. However, all team members are still encouraged to join weekly team meetings with the client if they can.

### Who is it for each team in the tribe?
Our product owners will be Eric for Team Purple and Joanna for Team Green.

# Team Coordination within the tribe

### How are issues between teams within the tribe raised?
Any technical issues should be reflected in the backlog, where each task will reflect how urgent the task is and which team is responsible. If any tribe members have concerns about organizational issues between teams, they are free to address those concerns to the whole tribe, or they can reach out to the product owners, who will work together to address said issues.

### What is the forum for discussion of issues between the teams?
Issues can be raised in the tribe discord, directly to product owners, during team reviews, or at team meetings.

### When does that happen?  Who is required to be present?
Tribe members are free and encouraged to discuss issues and concerns whenever they arise. There is no hard requirement for who needs to be present, but product owners are happy to attend to help with issue resolution if requested.

# Team Communication

### What is the principal way to communicate between tribes?
Discord

### What is the address or way to join this method of communication?
All team members are already in the tribe's Discord server.

# Client Meeting Time

### When is the client meeting each week?
Wednesdays at 8 AM CDT over Zoom

### Is it static or does it move?
The client meeting is static, but if requested, the client has expressed their availability for emergency meetings during the weekend. 

### Who is responsible for coordinating with the client?
The product owners are responsible for coordinating with the client.

Commit message:

updated existing documentation to reflect any changes in our tribe practices

docs/Organizational-Practices.md, after:

# Product Owner for Client Meetings

### How is the product owner designated for the first client meetings?
The product owners were designated based on who was available to attend it to the first client meeting and who each team believed would be a good fit for the role based on their strengths. 

### Is it permanent or rotated?
We have chosen to keep our product owners permanent to minimize communication overhead between rotating product owners. However, all team members are still encouraged to join weekly team meetings with the client if they can.

### Who is it for each team in the tribe?
Our product owners will be Eric for Team Purple and Joanna for Team Green.

# Team Coordination within the tribe

### How are issues between teams within the tribe raised?
Any technical issues should be reflected in the backlog, where tasks will correspond to a designated size and priority level. If any tribe members have concerns about organizational issues between teams, they are free to address those concerns to the whole tribe, or they can reach out to the product owners, who will work together to address said issues.

### What is the forum for discussion of issues between the teams?
Issues can be raised in the tribe discord, directly to product owners, during team reviews, or at team meetings.

### When does that happen?  Who is required to be present?
Tribe members are free and encouraged to discuss issues and concerns whenever they arise. There is no hard requirement for who needs to be present, but product owners are happy to attend to help with issue resolution if requested.

# Team Communication

### What is the principal way to communicate between tribes?
Discord

### What is the address or way to join this method of communication?
All team members are already in the tribe's Discord server.

# Client Meeting Time

### When is the client meeting each week?
Wednesdays and Fridays at 8 AM CDT over Zoom

### Is it static or does it move?
The client meeting is static, but if requested, the client has expressed their availability for emergency meetings during the weekend. 

### Who is responsible for coordinating with the client?
The product owners are responsible for coordinating with the client.
